So I decided for a Auction House (Core) block that records who placed it down as the owner. and the when placed down it detects if there are any like Auction House Bidder blocks nearby in a radius of 20. and the owner can right click core to Open a GUI where he can see his items that are currently in the auction house, Money he can take out and also a button for Creating a new auction. Only items from owners inventory can be placed in auction as it will take the item(s) and put it in a virtual storage.

then he can set Starting bid of x Spiritual Stones and how long the auction can go for by pressing a arrow up he increases the auctions time by 1 hour and down arrow decrease. Holding shift will decrease/increase by 30 min and CTRL clicking it will increase/decrease by 10 hours.

Auctioneer can choose quantity aswell aslong as he has that amount of the item too.

then he clicks confirm button to put it up for sale. Now only the Auction Bidder Blocks in range can allow someone to view his auction. so when a person clicks on the bidder block they first get the option to Choose whoose auction to enter displaying the SKULL with their skin aswell as displaying Display Name when hovering over them. click on skull to view all of that persons auctions.

Then bidder can click on the auction they want to join and they get a few options.

1. Notifications on/off if they are on bidder will be msgd when someone outbidded them or when the auction has 5 minutes left until ending and when it ends.
2. If they wish to bid

Hovering over the Item will show what the current bid is at and who placed it.

WHen you bid  for an item the Auction will take the spiritual stones from your inventory that you bid. and if you dont have enough you can't bid. You can only ever bid higher then someone. Like for example Player A bids 10 Spiritual Stones then player B cant just bid 9 or 10 it needs to be higher.

When player A bids again it will take the correct amount of spiritual stones needed to make up for the bid so if A bidded 10 and B bidded 12 then A decides to Bid 20 it will then take 10 from you as it already had 10 inside of the Internal Bank.

when auction ends it will Give the item(s) to the bidders internal storage and if they are offline it will end up in the Internal storage that can be accessed by that player by doing /auction inbox and it will open a normal sized chest with the contents inside.

This same works for the Auctioneer when auction ends the highest bid spiritual stones ends up in auctioneers /auction inbox.

For the players who didn't win their spiritual stones gets returned in their own /auction inbox too.

If you have something in your inbox you will be Msg'd when you log in every time until there is nothing inside of it.


1.21.1 neoforge.